Add `InboxNotification.Inspector` (#2506)
liveblocks/liveblocks: docs/pages/api-reference/liveblocks-react-ui.mdx

  </PropertiesListItem>
</PropertiesList>

###### InboxNotification.Inspector [#InboxNotification.Inspector]

> Displays the inbox notification’s data, which can be useful during development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Displays the inbox notification’s data in a JSON code snippet. Useful when debugging notifications in your app.
```
